---
title: about
---

I’m a Product Manager specialising in the development of digital advertising technologies that meet the needs of today’s large publishers. I’ve spent over 20 years helping European publishers apply technology to manage digital advertising and understand that, as the market evolves, publishers must continually have new tools and greater insight to manage their ad business effectively. In recent years, much of my work has focused on the broadcasting sector, which is grappling with declining linear ad revenues and a shift in viewership to streaming. This has fundamentally changed the dynamics of the advertising market. I was the lead Product Manager on the launch of ITV's Planet V self-service buying platform, enabling agencies to plan and book campaigns more efficiently. I have also contributed to the development of automations that enable the delivery of converged ad packages, where some ads are delivered online and some through traditional broadcast methods.

I work cross-functionally with engineering, data science, and design to build products that create new revenue streams or drive greater efficiencies for broadcasters. I prioritise features that deliver quick feedback, ensuring that product decisions are informed by real-world usage and impact. I have broad experience in digital advertising technologies from both customer services and sales perspectives, as well as a deep understanding of the online advertising marketplace from both the buy- and sell-side.
